hey everyone this is di acqua reviewer
and today I am here to show you a
walkthrough of the brand new jailbreak
the lime rain jailbreak that has just
been released now with this jailbreak
you're going to be able to jailbreak
your iphone for your ipod touch 4g as
well as your iphone 3gs now what I'm
going to be using for this demonstration
is my ipod touch 4th generation which is
right over here and as you can see my
ipod touch 4th generation is in fact
running version 4.1 now what you're
going to be needing for this job Rick is
very simple the first thing is obviously
you're going to have to download the
lime rain jailbreak to download the line
rain jailbreak simply go ahead and go on
to their website WWI rain com i'm going
to put it down below in the description
and once you reach their website scroll
all the way at the bottom and it says
download for windows now this is the
second beta that has just been released
and if you go through the list of the
known bugs you can see that for now on
the iphone 3gs you won't be able to
jailbreak it since there's a little
problem but this is obviously going to
be fixed shortly enough you're also as i
see right now you're going to be able to
also jailbreak your ipad on 4.0 or 4.1
so that is all you're going to be
needing you're obviously going to be
needing as well your device and you're
going to be needing your sink so once
you have everything you are ready to
start the first thing that you're going
to be doing is simply putting the sync
cable into your ipod like that and then
you're going to be putting the other end
in your computer in an available slot so
basically what you're doing is syncing
it up to itunes now if itunes pops up
just close it and then once it is
officially synced you hear that you hear
that little sound you are ready
to go so I'm just going to close off my
itunes okay so then you go ahead and
shut off itunes you're going to go ahead
and open lime rain click on run and
you're with this little window right
here all it says make it rain go ahead
and click it it says waiting for device
it's going to enter the recovery mode
and as you can see right here on the
screen all the action is going on right
over here so we're going to wait right
now it says hold home plus power button
so what we're going to be doing is
putting it in dfu mode so simply hold
the home and power button till it says
so to release the home the power sorry
button so it says release the power
button that's what we're doing right now
and now it says it's in dfu mode so we
can let go and it's basically going to
be doing the rest so as you can see
there's a pop-up it's a jailbreak is
done turn it on when done and this is an
untethered jailbreak so it says it's
done now we that redirect ourselves to
our ipod so as you can see it did shut
off we're going to go ahead and reboot
it
you
so what I'm doing is I'm keeping it
synced and it's sort of important to
keep it sink but what is good about this
job is that you don't really lose
anything because you're not restoring to
a new firmware so as you can see we're
going to go ahead and open that up and
you can see that we have Lyme rain right
over here then go ahead and click online
marine and it says please select package
so we're going to go ahead and click on
cydia and click install i'm going to do
its thing it's going to install cydia
and then it's really important to reboot
your device when that's completed or
else sometimes cydia doesn't appear so
we're going to have to just reboot it
so we're going to go ahead and shut that
off and wait till the powers on once
again we're going to power it back
and we're going to go ahead and slide to
unlock and there you have it you have
cydia right here you open it up it's
going to go ahead and do its thing and
it asks you who are you basically just
answer the questions you're gonna ask
you and there you go cydia running on
your ipod touch 4th generation so that's
all i have for you guys for today I if
you want to go ahead and check out my
Twitter it's going to be down below in
the description I like to thank everyone
and I hope you've enjoyed and I will see
you guys later